Refs #35192 -- Added possibility to override BoundField at Form level or Field level (#18266)
django/django: docs/releases/5.2.txt

What's new in Django 5.2
========================

Simplified usage of :class:`~django.forms.BoundField`
-----------------------------------------------------

> As of Django 5.2, you can now specify a custom :class:`~django.forms.BoundField`
> class to use at project, form and field level. This allows a fine-grained
> usage of the :ref:`ref-forms-api-bound-unbound`::
> 
>     from django.forms import BoundField
>     from django.forms import Form
> 
> 
>     class BoundFieldWithCssClass(BoundField):
>         def css_classes(self, extra_classes=None):
>             return super().css_classes("user-form")
> 
> 
>     class CustomForm(Form):
>         # Override per-form
>         bound_field_class = BoundFieldWithCssClass
> 
>         # Or per-field
>         name = CharField(bound_field_class=BoundFieldWithCssClass)
> 
> 
>     # Alternatively, you can set a the ``BoundField`` class for the whole
>     # renderer:
>     class CustomRenderer2(DjangoTemplates):
>         bound_field_class = BoundFieldWithCssClass
> 
> Check out :attr:`~django.forms.renderers.BaseRenderer.bound_field_class`,
> :attr:`~django.forms.Form.bound_field_class` and
> :attr:`~django.forms.Field.bound_field_class` for documentation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Django now supports specifying a custom :class:`~django.forms.BoundField` class
to use at a project, form and field level. This allows fine-grained usage of
the :ref:`ref-forms-api-bound-unbound`::

    from django.forms import Form
    from django.forms.boundfield import BoundField
    from django.forms.renderers import DjangoTemplates

    class BoundFieldWithCssClass(BoundField):
        def css_classes(self, extra_classes=None):
            return super().css_classes("user-form")

    class CustomForm(Form):
        # Override per-form.
        bound_field_class = BoundFieldWithCssClass

        # Or per-field.
        name = CharField(bound_field_class=BoundFieldWithCssClass)

    # Alternatively, set bound_field_class on your custom FORM_RENDERER.
    class CustomRenderer(DjangoTemplates):
        bound_field_class = BoundFieldWithCssClass

See :attr:`.BaseRenderer.bound_field_class`, :attr:`.Form.bound_field_class`
and :attr:`.Field.bound_field_class` for more details.
```
